feat: Prepare PHP Release Docs (#2242)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/php/guides/laravel/configuration/laravel-options.mdx

    'sql_bindings' => false,
],
```

## Performance

> To enable performance monitoring, set this to a value larger `0.0`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable performance monitoring, set this to a value greater than `0.0`:
```
